docs: update bucketeer features info (#2176)
bucketeer-io/bucketeer: README.md

### Full Control & Ownership
- **Data sovereignty:** Your data never leaves your infrastructure
- **No vendor lock-in:** Complete control over upgrades and customizations
- **Compliance friendly:** Meet regulatory requirements for data residency
- **Custom modifications:** Extend Bucketeer to fit your specific needs

### Predictable Costs
- **No per-seat pricing:** Unlimited team members
- **No usage limits:** No per-evaluation or per-MAU charges
- **Infrastructure costs only:** Pay only for the compute and storage you use
- **Enterprise features included:** All features available out of the box

### Performance & Reliability
- **Deploy anywhere:** On-premise, cloud, or hybrid infrastructure
- **Low latency:** Deploy close to your users for optimal performance
- **High availability:** Design your own redundancy and failover strategy
- **Battle-tested:** Running in production at CyberAgent and growing community

## Get Started

### Try the Demo
Experience Bucketeer without any setup: [Online Demo](https://app.bucketeer.io/demo)

### Local Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/bucketeer-io/bucketeer.git
cd bucketeer
docker-compose up -d
```

### Kubernetes Deployment

> See our [deployment documentation](https://docs.bucketeer.io) for Helm chart installation and production configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [deployment documentation](DEPLOYMENT.md) for Helm chart installation and production configuration.
```

you mean this?

### Predictable Costs
- **No per-seat pricing:** Unlimited team members
- **No usage limits:** No per-evaluation or per-MAU charges
- **Infrastructure costs only:** Pay only for the compute and storage you use
- **Enterprise features included:** All features available out of the box

### Performance & Reliability
- **Deploy anywhere:** On-premise, cloud, or hybrid infrastructure
- **Low latency:** Deploy close to your users for optimal performance
- **High availability:** Design your own redundancy and failover strategy
- **Battle-tested:** Running in production at CyberAgent and growing community

## Get Started

### Try the Demo
Experience Bucketeer without any setup: [Online Demo](https://app.bucketeer.io/demo)

### Local Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/bucketeer-io/bucketeer.git
cd bucketeer
make docker-compose-up
```

This will start all services including MySQL, Redis, and the Bucketeer platform.

**Important:** Add the following to your `/etc/hosts` file to access the dashboard:
```
127.0.0.1 web-gateway.bucketeer.io
127.0.0.1 api-gateway.bucketeer.io
```

Then access the admin dashboard at `https://web-gateway.bucketeer.io`.

> For detailed deployment instructions, configuration options, and production setup, see [Docker Compose Deployment](DEPLOYMENT.md#docker-compose-deployment).

Reviewer 2: `[Docker Compose Deployment](DEPLOYMENT.md#docker-compose-deployment)`

It return the link: `https://github.com/bucketeer-io/bucketeer/tree/DEPLOYMENT.md#docker-compose-deployment` which is not accessible.

Maybe we should use 
  `[Docker Compose Deployment](./DEPLOYMENT.md#docker-compose-deployment)
`

Author: When viewing the README, it opens correctly.
https://github.com/bucketeer-io/bucketeer/blob/ed23f12cd6b01a0e49f529278a9a56e9590c26b5/README.md
